Homework 6

1. Which of the following statements will potentially execute? And give values for A, B and C that will make the statement execute:
    if A is true AND B is true AND C is true THEN color="blue"
    else if A is true AND B is false AND C is false THEN color="red"
    else if A is true AND A is false THEN color="orange"
    else if A is true AND B is false AND C is true THEN color="green"
    else color="yellow"

2. Which of the following statements will potentially execute? And give values for A, B and C that will make the statement execute:
    if A is true OR A is false OR B is true OR C is true THEN color="blue"
    else if A is true OR B is false OR C is false THEN color="red"
    else if A is true OR B is false OR C is true THEN color="green"
    else color="yellow"
    
3. Which of the following statements will potentially execute? And give values for A, B and C that will make the statement execute:
    5.1. if (A is true AND B is true) OR (A is false AND B is true) THEN color="blue"
    5.2. if (A is true AND B is false) OR (A is NOT true AND A is false) THEN color="green"
    5.3. if (A is true AND B is false OR A is false) OR (A is either true or false) THEN color="yellow"
    5.4. if (false AND true) OR (false OR true) THEN color="white"
    
4. Open the file index4.html and apply the following changes on it:
    4.1. Invert the table (so instead of displaying the headers in the first column, display them in the first row).
    4.2. Make all table headers bold using CSS.
    4.3. Style the nav tag as follows:
        4.3.1. All options must be links (create contact.html and gallery.html).
        4.3.2. Instead of using a bar (|), use the HTML code for a bar (&nbsp; is the HTML code for space).
        4.3.3. Links should all appear without underline.
        4.3.4. The option for current page should not be a link, should be bold and should be surrounded by a box (borders).
    4.4. Change the style of EVERY LI so that the default . is changed to a custom image instead (pick your image).
    4.5. Make the content of the LI linkable to the respective paragraph on the page.
    4.6. ALL P tags should be italics by default.
    4.7. The Pargraph 2 P tag should be in red.
    4.8. The titles of both paragraphs should be using H2.
    4.9. Replace the default icon for LI for the fruits section with a fruit icon for the respective fruit (for the orange listing, show an orange icon, etc.)
    4.10. Make the last two P tags display inline.
    4.11. Take out all the styling from the html file into TWO CSS files:
        1. style1.css will house all the styling for default tags (P, H1, TABLE, etc.)
        2. style2.css will house all the custom styling (styles for classes and ids)

5. Read the following program:

variable i = 0
WHILE i is less than 5 EXECUTE THESE LINES
    PRINT i
    increment i by 1
    GO TO WHILE ABOVE
END OF WHILE

Answer the following questions:

    5.1. How many times are the lines inside the WHILE loop executed?
    5.2. What is the final value of i?

6. Read the following program:

 variable x = 0
 variable y = 10
 variable i = 0
 variable holder = 0
 
 WHILE i does not have the same value as y EXECUTE THESE LINES
    if (i divides 2 without a remainder) THEN holder = existing value of holder + i 
    increment i by 1
    GO TO WHILE ABOVE
 END OF WHILE
 
 Answer the following:
    5.1. What is the final value of "holder" when the program is done running?
    5.2. What is the final value of "i" when the program is done running?
    
7. Read the following program:

variable x = 0
variable y = x - 5
variable z = y

variable d = x + 5
variable e = d * 5
variable z = e - d 
variable x = x + 2

Print all the final variable values at the end of the program

8. Create an alias for a linux commmand, that uses a pipe to display the number of linux commands you executed, along with the date and time.

9. Question 8 prints the date/time and the command. Create a command that reverses the order (it takes this output and displays the command and THEN the date/time).